Simplify WSL symlink recommendation (#129)
nextstrain/docs.nextstrain.org: src/install.rst

      .. hint::

         By default, your Windows home directory will not be directly accessible under your WSL home directory. When run in a WSL prompt, the following command fixes that by creating a symlink to it in your WSL home directory. This allows you to use Windows-based text editors and Linux commands all on the same files.

         .. code-block:: bash

>                ln -ws $(wslpath $(wslvar USERPROFILE)) ~/windows_home

Reviewer: This needs quotes to be safe. 

```suggestion
               ln -ws "$(wslpath "$(wslvar USERPROFILE)")" ~/windows_home
```

Author: Done: c7d27becfddafa7f4ddb1fb75d86af715bb1de8b

Author: Forgot to apply this to the alternative example. Done: 9e88c29d60c80006efc3da643e3e762a5aceed1a

>          Optionally, change the ``windows_home`` folder name or only link to a specific directory under your windows user (e.g. ``ln -s $(wslpath $(wslvar USERPROFILE))/Documents ~/windows_documents``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         Optionally, you can customize the ``windows_home`` folder name or only link to a specific directory under your windows user (e.g. ``ln -s $(wslpath $(wslvar USERPROFILE))/Documents ~/windows_documents``).
```
Just thought this wording is slightly clearer.

Author: Done: 171da63d1032010d5e6a2b554f5bfbb63833c36a

>          If the command does not work, you may have to first run `sudo apt install wslu`.

Author: @emmahodcroft do you have a computer that was set up in a language other than English? If so, could you verify that the new command (or even just `ls $(wslpath $(wslvar USERPROFILE))`) works? I assume it will since this is a variable from the system itself, but I want to be sure before removing the caveat.

I tried setting my system language to Chinese but the paths are still in English.

The only info I could find on this was [this claim from a Microsoft discussion post](https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/all/rename-system-folders-in-another-language/be6b6b94-d5ea-48af-92a0-006930070ce3):

> The base folder names are always in English. You can just type the name and it will work.

Reviewer 2: Yea, I think if you change a language later, it keeps all the system paths (understandable I suppose, as otherwise things would be very broken).

Unfortunately I'm the only one connected to Richard's group that uses Windows... let me reach out a little more widely and see if I can find a guinea pig.

Author: Great, thanks for reaching out!

Reviewer 2: So, I don't know what to make of this - their directories in Windows explorer are in Dutch, but when they use the command, it returns `/mnt/c/Users/<username>/` not `C:\Gebruikers\<username>` as it shows in Explorer. When they check the 'properties' (I guess they mean folder properties?) it's listed as `C:\Users\<username>`.

This would seem to imply that underlying path can be in English and just displayed in the interface in the language of the system - but in that case, I'm confused how I ran into this problem when we did the tutorial at RIVM (Netherlands) - as our English-language command should have worked fine if that's true, but didn't, and had to be adjusted to other EU languages... 

But I don't know how likely it is we get a large test audience for this - there aren't so many people out there with non-English-language computers and also WSL, it seems. We could just change to this command, and I guess we'll get issues/complaints/find out in a tutorial if it doesn't work as expected...?

Author: That behavior is in line with the claim I mentioned above, and the same as what I experienced when changing English to Chinese ("The base folder names are always in English").

I'll just merge this as-is and hopefully any issues are brought to our attention.

For your issues at RIVM, if it was a while ago then maybe people were using WSL 1 instead of WSL 2? There might be some differences in how the C drive gets mounted between the two versions.

Reviewer 2: Fair point - this was very likely with WSL1, and they may have made the C drive mounting more redundant to avoid these issues. Anyway, presumably if it is an issue we'll run into it eventually and we can address it with a similar comment as we had previously if we need to, about being aware of non-English-language systems.
